# This file is generated.
#
# People marked here will be automatically requested for a review
# when the documentation that they own is touched.
#
# It is synced with the codebase, so if you own the integration,
# you will own the docs as well.
# https://github.com/blog/2392-introducing-code-owners

# Pages
source/_integrations/abode.markdown @shred86
source/_integrations/accuweather.markdown @bieniu
source/_integrations/acmeda.markdown @atmurray
source/_integrations/adax.markdown @danielhiversen
source/_integrations/adguard.markdown @frenck
source/_integrations/advantage_air.markdown @Bre77
source/_integrations/aemet.markdown @noltari
source/_integrations/agent_dvr.markdown @ispysoftware
source/_integrations/airly.markdown @bieniu
source/_integrations/airnow.markdown @asymworks
source/_integrations/airthings.markdown @danielhiversen
source/_integrations/airtouch4.markdown @LonePurpleWolf
source/_integrations/airvisual.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/alarmdecoder.markdown @ajschmidt8
source/_integrations/alexa.markdown @home-assistant/cloud @ochlocracy
source/_integrations/alexa.smart_home.markdown @home-assistant/cloud @ochlocracy
source/_integrations/almond.markdown @gcampax @balloob
source/_integrations/alpha_vantage.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/ambee.markdown @frenck
source/_integrations/amberelectric.markdown @madpilot
source/_integrations/ambiclimate.markdown @danielhiversen
source/_integrations/ambient_station.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/amcrest.markdown @flacjacket
source/_integrations/analytics.markdown @home-assistant/core @ludeeus
source/_integrations/androidtv.markdown @JeffLIrion
source/_integrations/apache_kafka.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/api.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/apple_tv.markdown @postlund
source/_integrations/apprise.markdown @caronc
source/_integrations/aprs.markdown @PhilRW
source/_integrations/arcam_fmj.markdown @elupus
source/_integrations/arduino.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/arest.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/arris_tg2492lg.markdown @vanbalken
source/_integrations/asuswrt.markdown @kennedyshead @ollo69
source/_integrations/atag.markdown @MatsNL
source/_integrations/aten_pe.markdown @mtdcr
source/_integrations/atome.markdown @baqs
source/_integrations/august.markdown @bdraco
source/_integrations/aurora.markdown @djtimca
source/_integrations/aurora_abb_powerone.markdown @davet2001
source/_integrations/auth.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/automation.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/avea.markdown @pattyland
source/_integrations/awair.markdown @ahayworth @danielsjf
source/_integrations/axis.markdown @Kane610
source/_integrations/azure_devops.markdown @timmo001
source/_integrations/azure_event_hub.markdown @eavanvalkenburg
source/_integrations/azure_service_bus.markdown @hfurubotten
source/_integrations/beewi_smartclim.markdown @alemuro
source/_integrations/bitcoin.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/bizkaibus.markdown @UgaitzEtxebarria
source/_integrations/blebox.markdown @bbx-a @bbx-jp
source/_integrations/blink.markdown @fronzbot
source/_integrations/blueprint.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/bmp280.markdown @belidzs
source/_integrations/bmw_connected_drive.markdown @gerard33 @rikroe
source/_integrations/bond.markdown @bdraco @prystupa @joshs85
source/_integrations/bosch_shc.markdown @tschamm
source/_integrations/braviatv.markdown @bieniu @Drafteed
source/_integrations/broadlink.markdown @danielhiversen @felipediel @L-I-Am
source/_integrations/brother.markdown @bieniu
source/_integrations/brunt.markdown @eavanvalkenburg
source/_integrations/bsblan.markdown @liudger
source/_integrations/bt_smarthub.markdown @jxwolstenholme
source/_integrations/buienradar.markdown @mjj4791 @ties @Robbie1221
source/_integrations/cast.markdown @emontnemery
source/_integrations/cert_expiry.markdown @Cereal2nd @jjlawren
source/_integrations/circuit.markdown @braam
source/_integrations/cisco_ios.markdown @fbradyirl
source/_integrations/cisco_mobility_express.markdown @fbradyirl
source/_integrations/cisco_webex_teams.markdown @fbradyirl
source/_integrations/climacell.markdown @raman325
source/_integrations/cloud.markdown @home-assistant/cloud
source/_integrations/cloudflare.markdown @ludeeus @ctalkington
source/_integrations/coinbase.markdown @tombrien
source/_integrations/color_extractor.markdown @GenericStudent
source/_integrations/comfoconnect.markdown @michaelarnauts
source/_integrations/compensation.markdown @Petro31
source/_integrations/config.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/configurator.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/control4.markdown @lawtancool
source/_integrations/conversation.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/coolmaster.markdown @OnFreund
source/_integrations/coronavirus.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/counter.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/cover.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/cpuspeed.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/crownstone.markdown @Crownstone @RicArch97
source/_integrations/cups.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/daikin.markdown @fredrike
source/_integrations/darksky.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/debugpy.markdown @frenck
source/_integrations/deconz.markdown @Kane610
source/_integrations/delijn.markdown @bollewolle @Emilv2
source/_integrations/demo.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/denonavr.markdown @ol-iver @starkillerOG
source/_integrations/derivative.markdown @afaucogney
source/_integrations/device_automation.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/devolo_home_control.markdown @2Fake @Shutgun
source/_integrations/dexcom.markdown @gagebenne
source/_integrations/dhcp.markdown @bdraco
source/_integrations/dht.markdown @thegardenmonkey
source/_integrations/digital_ocean.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/discogs.markdown @thibmaek
source/_integrations/dlna_dmr.markdown @StevenLooman @chishm
source/_integrations/doorbird.markdown @oblogic7 @bdraco
source/_integrations/dsmr.markdown @Robbie1221 @frenck
source/_integrations/dsmr_reader.markdown @depl0y
source/_integrations/dunehd.markdown @bieniu
source/_integrations/dwd_weather_warnings.markdown @runningman84 @stephan192 @Hummel95
source/_integrations/dweet.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/dynalite.markdown @ziv1234
source/_integrations/ecobee.markdown @marthoc
source/_integrations/econet.markdown @vangorra @w1ll1am23
source/_integrations/ecovacs.markdown @OverloadUT
source/_integrations/edl21.markdown @mtdcr
source/_integrations/efergy.markdown @tkdrob
source/_integrations/egardia.markdown @jeroenterheerdt
source/_integrations/eight_sleep.markdown @mezz64 @raman325
source/_integrations/elgato.markdown @frenck
source/_integrations/elkm1.markdown @gwww @bdraco
source/_integrations/elv.markdown @majuss
source/_integrations/emby.markdown @mezz64
source/_integrations/emoncms.markdown @borpin
source/_integrations/emonitor.markdown @bdraco
source/_integrations/emulated_kasa.markdown @kbickar
source/_integrations/enigma2.markdown @fbradyirl
source/_integrations/enocean.markdown @bdurrer
source/_integrations/enphase_envoy.markdown @gtdiehl
source/_integrations/entur_public_transport.markdown @hfurubotten
source/_integrations/environment_canada.markdown @gwww @michaeldavie
source/_integrations/ephember.markdown @ttroy50
source/_integrations/epson.markdown @pszafer
source/_integrations/epsonworkforce.markdown @ThaStealth
source/_integrations/eq3btsmart.markdown @rytilahti
source/_integrations/esphome.markdown @OttoWinter @jesserockz
source/_integrations/evohome.markdown @zxdavb
source/_integrations/ezviz.markdown @RenierM26 @baqs
source/_integrations/faa_delays.markdown @ntilley905
source/_integrations/fastdotcom.markdown @rohankapoorcom
source/_integrations/file.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/filter.markdown @dgomes
source/_integrations/fireservicerota.markdown @cyberjunky
source/_integrations/firmata.markdown @DaAwesomeP
source/_integrations/fixer.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/fjaraskupan.markdown @elupus
source/_integrations/flick_electric.markdown @ZephireNZ
source/_integrations/flipr.markdown @cnico
source/_integrations/flo.markdown @dmulcahey
source/_integrations/flock.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/flume.markdown @ChrisMandich @bdraco
source/_integrations/flunearyou.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/flux_led.markdown @icemanch
source/_integrations/forecast_solar.markdown @klaasnicolaas @frenck
source/_integrations/forked_daapd.markdown @uvjustin
source/_integrations/fortios.markdown @kimfrellsen
source/_integrations/foscam.markdown @skgsergio
source/_integrations/freebox.markdown @hacf-fr @Quentame
source/_integrations/freedompro.markdown @stefano055415
source/_integrations/fritz.markdown @mammuth @AaronDavidSchneider @chemelli74
source/_integrations/fritzbox.markdown @mib1185 @flabbamann
source/_integrations/fronius.markdown @nielstron
source/_integrations/frontend.markdown @home-assistant/frontend
source/_integrations/garages_amsterdam.markdown @klaasnicolaas
source/_integrations/gdacs.markdown @exxamalte
source/_integrations/generic_hygrostat.markdown @Shulyaka
source/_integrations/geniushub.markdown @zxdavb
source/_integrations/geo_json_events.markdown @exxamalte
source/_integrations/geo_rss_events.markdown @exxamalte
source/_integrations/geonetnz_quakes.markdown @exxamalte
source/_integrations/geonetnz_volcano.markdown @exxamalte
source/_integrations/gios.markdown @bieniu
source/_integrations/github.markdown @timmo001 @ludeeus
source/_integrations/gitter.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/glances.markdown @fabaff @engrbm87
source/_integrations/goalzero.markdown @tkdrob
source/_integrations/gogogate2.markdown @vangorra @bdraco
source/_integrations/google_assistant.markdown @home-assistant/cloud
source/_integrations/google_cloud.markdown @lufton
source/_integrations/gpsd.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/gree.markdown @cmroche
source/_integrations/greeneye_monitor.markdown @jkeljo
source/_integrations/group.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/growatt_server.markdown @indykoning @muppet3000 @JasperPlant
source/_integrations/guardian.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/habitica.markdown @ASMfreaK @leikoilja
source/_integrations/harmony.markdown @ehendrix23 @bramkragten @bdraco @mkeesey @Aohzan
source/_integrations/hassio.markdown @home-assistant/supervisor
source/_integrations/heatmiser.markdown @andylockran
source/_integrations/heos.markdown @andrewsayre
source/_integrations/here_travel_time.markdown @eifinger
source/_integrations/hikvision.markdown @mezz64
source/_integrations/hikvisioncam.markdown @fbradyirl
source/_integrations/hisense_aehw4a1.markdown @bannhead
source/_integrations/history.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/hive.markdown @Rendili @KJonline
source/_integrations/hlk_sw16.markdown @jameshilliard
source/_integrations/home_connect.markdown @DavidMStraub
source/_integrations/home_plus_control.markdown @chemaaa
source/_integrations/homeassistant.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/homekit.markdown @bdraco
source/_integrations/homekit_controller.markdown @Jc2k @bdraco
source/_integrations/homematic.markdown @pvizeli @danielperna84
source/_integrations/honeywell.markdown @rdfurman
source/_integrations/http.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/huawei_lte.markdown @scop @fphammerle
source/_integrations/hue.markdown @balloob @frenck
source/_integrations/huisbaasje.markdown @dennisschroer
source/_integrations/humidifier.markdown @home-assistant/core @Shulyaka
source/_integrations/hunterdouglas_powerview.markdown @bdraco
source/_integrations/hvv_departures.markdown @vigonotion
source/_integrations/hydrawise.markdown @ptcryan
source/_integrations/hyperion.markdown @dermotduffy
source/_integrations/ialarm.markdown @RyuzakiKK
source/_integrations/iammeter.markdown @lewei50
source/_integrations/iaqualink.markdown @flz
source/_integrations/icloud.markdown @Quentame @nzapponi
source/_integrations/ign_sismologia.markdown @exxamalte
source/_integrations/image.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/incomfort.markdown @zxdavb
source/_integrations/influxdb.markdown @fabaff @mdegat01
source/_integrations/input_boolean.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/input_datetime.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/input_number.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/input_select.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/input_text.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/insteon.markdown @teharris1
source/_integrations/integration.markdown @dgomes
source/_integrations/intesishome.markdown @jnimmo
source/_integrations/ios.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/iotawatt.markdown @gtdiehl @jyavenard
source/_integrations/iperf3.markdown @rohankapoorcom
source/_integrations/ipma.markdown @dgomes @abmantis
source/_integrations/iqvia.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/irish_rail_transport.markdown @ttroy50
source/_integrations/islamic_prayer_times.markdown @engrbm87
source/_integrations/isy994.markdown @bdraco @shbatm
source/_integrations/izone.markdown @Swamp-Ig
source/_integrations/jewish_calendar.markdown @tsvi
source/_integrations/juicenet.markdown @jesserockz
source/_integrations/kaiterra.markdown @Michsior14
source/_integrations/keba.markdown @dannerph
source/_integrations/keenetic_ndms2.markdown @foxel
source/_integrations/kef.markdown @basnijholt
source/_integrations/keyboard_remote.markdown @bendavid @lanrat
source/_integrations/kmtronic.markdown @dgomes
source/_integrations/knx.markdown @Julius2342 @farmio @marvin-w
source/_integrations/kodi.markdown @OnFreund @cgtobi
source/_integrations/konnected.markdown @heythisisnate @kit-klein
source/_integrations/kostal_plenticore.markdown @stegm
source/_integrations/kraken.markdown @eifinger
source/_integrations/kulersky.markdown @emlove
source/_integrations/lametric.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/launch_library.markdown @ludeeus
source/_integrations/lcn.markdown @alengwenus
source/_integrations/lg_netcast.markdown @Drafteed
source/_integrations/life360.markdown @pnbruckner
source/_integrations/linux_battery.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/litejet.markdown @joncar
source/_integrations/litterrobot.markdown @natekspencer
source/_integrations/local_ip.markdown @issacg
source/_integrations/logger.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/logi_circle.markdown @evanjd
source/_integrations/lookin.markdown @ANMalko
source/_integrations/loopenergy.markdown @pavoni
source/_integrations/luci.markdown @mzdrale
source/_integrations/luftdaten.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/lupusec.markdown @majuss
source/_integrations/lutron.markdown @JonGilmore
source/_integrations/lutron_caseta.markdown @swails @bdraco
source/_integrations/lyric.markdown @timmo001
source/_integrations/mastodon.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/matrix.markdown @tinloaf
source/_integrations/mazda.markdown @bdr99
source/_integrations/mcp23017.markdown @jardiamj
source/_integrations/media_source.markdown @hunterjm
source/_integrations/mediaroom.markdown @dgomes
source/_integrations/melcloud.markdown @vilppuvuorinen
source/_integrations/melissa.markdown @kennedyshead
source/_integrations/met.markdown @danielhiversen @thimic
source/_integrations/met_eireann.markdown @DylanGore
source/_integrations/meteo_france.markdown @hacf-fr @oncleben31 @Quentame
source/_integrations/meteoalarm.markdown @rolfberkenbosch
source/_integrations/meteoclimatic.markdown @adrianmo
source/_integrations/metoffice.markdown @MrHarcombe
source/_integrations/miflora.markdown @danielhiversen @basnijholt
source/_integrations/mikrotik.markdown @engrbm87
source/_integrations/mill.markdown @danielhiversen
source/_integrations/min_max.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/minecraft_server.markdown @elmurato
source/_integrations/minio.markdown @tkislan
source/_integrations/mobile_app.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/modbus.markdown @adamchengtkc @janiversen @vzahradnik
source/_integrations/modem_callerid.markdown @tkdrob
source/_integrations/modern_forms.markdown @wonderslug
source/_integrations/monoprice.markdown @etsinko @OnFreund
source/_integrations/moon.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/motion_blinds.markdown @starkillerOG
source/_integrations/motioneye.markdown @dermotduffy
source/_integrations/mpd.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/mqtt.markdown @emontnemery
source/_integrations/msteams.markdown @peroyvind
source/_integrations/mullvad.markdown @meichthys
source/_integrations/mutesync.markdown @currentoor
source/_integrations/my.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/myq.markdown @bdraco @ehendrix23
source/_integrations/mysensors.markdown @MartinHjelmare @functionpointer
source/_integrations/mystrom.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/nam.markdown @bieniu
source/_integrations/nanoleaf.markdown @milanmeu
source/_integrations/neato.markdown @dshokouhi @Santobert
source/_integrations/nederlandse_spoorwegen.markdown @YarmoM
source/_integrations/ness_alarm.markdown @nickw444
source/_integrations/nest.markdown @allenporter
source/_integrations/netatmo.markdown @cgtobi
source/_integrations/netdata.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/netgear.markdown @hacf-fr @Quentame @starkillerOG
source/_integrations/nexia.markdown @bdraco
source/_integrations/nextbus.markdown @vividboarder
source/_integrations/nextcloud.markdown @meichthys
source/_integrations/nfandroidtv.markdown @tkdrob
source/_integrations/nightscout.markdown @marciogranzotto
source/_integrations/nilu.markdown @hfurubotten
source/_integrations/nissan_leaf.markdown @filcole
source/_integrations/nmap_tracker.markdown @bdraco
source/_integrations/nmbs.markdown @thibmaek
source/_integrations/no_ip.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/noaa_tides.markdown @jdelaney72
source/_integrations/notify.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/notify_events.markdown @matrozov @papajojo
source/_integrations/notion.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/nsw_fuel_station.markdown @nickw444
source/_integrations/nsw_rural_fire_service_feed.markdown @exxamalte
source/_integrations/nuki.markdown @pschmitt @pvizeli @pree
source/_integrations/numato.markdown @clssn
source/_integrations/number.markdown @home-assistant/core @Shulyaka
source/_integrations/nut.markdown @bdraco @ollo69
source/_integrations/nws.markdown @MatthewFlamm
source/_integrations/nzbget.markdown @chriscla
source/_integrations/obihai.markdown @dshokouhi
source/_integrations/octoprint.markdown @rfleming71
source/_integrations/ohmconnect.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/ombi.markdown @larssont
source/_integrations/omnilogic.markdown @oliver84 @djtimca @gentoosu
source/_integrations/onboarding.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/ondilo_ico.markdown @JeromeHXP
source/_integrations/onewire.markdown @garbled1 @epenet
source/_integrations/onvif.markdown @hunterjm
source/_integrations/openerz.markdown @misialq
source/_integrations/opengarage.markdown @danielhiversen
source/_integrations/openhome.markdown @bazwilliams
source/_integrations/opentherm_gw.markdown @mvn23
source/_integrations/openuv.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/openweathermap.markdown @fabaff @freekode @nzapponi
source/_integrations/opnsense.markdown @mtreinish
source/_integrations/orangepi_gpio.markdown @pascallj
source/_integrations/oru.markdown @bvlaicu
source/_integrations/ovo_energy.markdown @timmo001
source/_integrations/ozw.markdown @cgarwood @marcelveldt @MartinHjelmare
source/_integrations/p1_monitor.markdown @klaasnicolaas
source/_integrations/panel_custom.markdown @home-assistant/frontend
source/_integrations/panel_iframe.markdown @home-assistant/frontend
source/_integrations/pcal9535a.markdown @Shulyaka
source/_integrations/persistent_notification.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/philips_js.markdown @elupus
source/_integrations/pi4ioe5v9xxxx.markdown @antonverburg
source/_integrations/pi_hole.markdown @fabaff @johnluetke @shenxn
source/_integrations/picnic.markdown @corneyl
source/_integrations/pilight.markdown @trekky12
source/_integrations/plaato.markdown @JohNan
source/_integrations/plex.markdown @jjlawren
source/_integrations/plugwise.markdown @CoMPaTech @bouwew @brefra
source/_integrations/plum_lightpad.markdown @ColinHarrington @prystupa
source/_integrations/point.markdown @fredrike
source/_integrations/poolsense.markdown @haemishkyd
source/_integrations/powerwall.markdown @bdraco @jrester
source/_integrations/profiler.markdown @bdraco
source/_integrations/progettihwsw.markdown @ardaseremet
source/_integrations/prometheus.markdown @knyar
source/_integrations/prosegur.markdown @dgomes
source/_integrations/proxmoxve.markdown @k4ds3 @jhollowe @Corbeno
source/_integrations/ps4.markdown @ktnrg45
source/_integrations/push.markdown @dgomes
source/_integrations/pvoutput.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/pvpc_hourly_pricing.markdown @azogue
source/_integrations/qbittorrent.markdown @geoffreylagaisse
source/_integrations/qld_bushfire.markdown @exxamalte
source/_integrations/qnap.markdown @colinodell
source/_integrations/quantum_gateway.markdown @cisasteelersfan
source/_integrations/qvr_pro.markdown @oblogic7
source/_integrations/qwikswitch.markdown @kellerza
source/_integrations/rachio.markdown @bdraco
source/_integrations/radiotherm.markdown @vinnyfuria
source/_integrations/rainbird.markdown @konikvranik
source/_integrations/raincloud.markdown @vanstinator
source/_integrations/rainforest_eagle.markdown @gtdiehl @jcalbert
source/_integrations/rainmachine.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/random.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/recollect_waste.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/recorder.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/rejseplanen.markdown @DarkFox
source/_integrations/renault.markdown @epenet
source/_integrations/repetier.markdown @MTrab
source/_integrations/rflink.markdown @javicalle
source/_integrations/rfxtrx.markdown @danielhiversen @elupus @RobBie1221
source/_integrations/ring.markdown @balloob
source/_integrations/risco.markdown @OnFreund
source/_integrations/rituals_perfume_genie.markdown @milanmeu
source/_integrations/rmvtransport.markdown @cgtobi
source/_integrations/roku.markdown @ctalkington
source/_integrations/roomba.markdown @pschmitt @cyr-ius @shenxn
source/_integrations/roon.markdown @pavoni
source/_integrations/rpi_gpio_pwm.markdown @soldag
source/_integrations/rpi_power.markdown @shenxn @swetoast
source/_integrations/ruckus_unleashed.markdown @gabe565
source/_integrations/safe_mode.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/saj.markdown @fredericvl
source/_integrations/samsungtv.markdown @escoand @chemelli74
source/_integrations/scene.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/schluter.markdown @prairieapps
source/_integrations/scrape.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/screenlogic.markdown @dieselrabbit
source/_integrations/script.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/search.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/select.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/sense.markdown @kbickar
source/_integrations/sensibo.markdown @andrey-git
source/_integrations/sentry.markdown @dcramer @frenck
source/_integrations/serial.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/seven_segments.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/sharkiq.markdown @ajmarks
source/_integrations/shell_command.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/shelly.markdown @balloob @bieniu @thecode @chemelli74
source/_integrations/shiftr.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/shodan.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/sia.markdown @eavanvalkenburg
source/_integrations/sighthound.markdown @robmarkcole
source/_integrations/signal_messenger.markdown @bbernhard
source/_integrations/simplisafe.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/sinch.markdown @bendikrb
source/_integrations/siren.markdown @home-assistant/core @raman325
source/_integrations/sisyphus.markdown @jkeljo
source/_integrations/sky_hub.markdown @rogerselwyn
source/_integrations/slack.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/slide.markdown @ualex73
source/_integrations/sma.markdown @kellerza @rklomp
source/_integrations/smappee.markdown @bsmappee
source/_integrations/smart_meter_texas.markdown @grahamwetzler
source/_integrations/smarthab.markdown @outadoc
source/_integrations/smartthings.markdown @andrewsayre
source/_integrations/smarttub.markdown @mdz
source/_integrations/smarty.markdown @z0mbieprocess
source/_integrations/sms.markdown @ocalvo
source/_integrations/smtp.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/solaredge.markdown @frenck
source/_integrations/solaredge_local.markdown @drobtravels @scheric
source/_integrations/solarlog.markdown @Ernst79
source/_integrations/solax.markdown @squishykid
source/_integrations/soma.markdown @ratsept
source/_integrations/somfy.markdown @tetienne
source/_integrations/sonarr.markdown @ctalkington
source/_integrations/songpal.markdown @rytilahti @shenxn
source/_integrations/sonos.markdown @cgtobi @jjlawren
source/_integrations/spaceapi.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/speedtestdotnet.markdown @rohankapoorcom @engrbm87
source/_integrations/spider.markdown @peternijssen
source/_integrations/splunk.markdown @Bre77
source/_integrations/spotify.markdown @frenck
source/_integrations/sql.markdown @dgomes
source/_integrations/squeezebox.markdown @rajlaud
source/_integrations/srp_energy.markdown @briglx
source/_integrations/starline.markdown @anonym-tsk
source/_integrations/statistics.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/stiebel_eltron.markdown @fucm
source/_integrations/stookalert.markdown @fwestenberg @frenck
source/_integrations/stream.markdown @hunterjm @uvjustin @allenporter
source/_integrations/stt.markdown @pvizeli
source/_integrations/subaru.markdown @G-Two
source/_integrations/suez_water.markdown @ooii
source/_integrations/sun.markdown @Swamp-Ig
source/_integrations/supla.markdown @mwegrzynek
source/_integrations/surepetcare.markdown @benleb @danielhiversen
source/_integrations/swiss_hydrological_data.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/swiss_public_transport.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/switchbot.markdown @danielhiversen @RenierM26
source/_integrations/switcher_kis.markdown @tomerfi @thecode
source/_integrations/switchmate.markdown @danielhiversen
source/_integrations/syncthing.markdown @zhulik
source/_integrations/syncthru.markdown @nielstron
source/_integrations/synology_dsm.markdown @hacf-fr @Quentame @mib1185
source/_integrations/synology_srm.markdown @aerialls
source/_integrations/syslog.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/system_bridge.markdown @timmo001
source/_integrations/tado.markdown @michaelarnauts @noltari
source/_integrations/tag.markdown @balloob @dmulcahey
source/_integrations/tahoma.markdown @philklei
source/_integrations/tankerkoenig.markdown @guillempages
source/_integrations/tapsaff.markdown @bazwilliams
source/_integrations/tasmota.markdown @emontnemery
source/_integrations/tautulli.markdown @ludeeus
source/_integrations/tellduslive.markdown @fredrike
source/_integrations/template.markdown @PhracturedBlue @tetienne @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/tfiac.markdown @fredrike @mellado
source/_integrations/thethingsnetwork.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/threshold.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/tibber.markdown @danielhiversen
source/_integrations/tile.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/time_date.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/tmb.markdown @alemuro
source/_integrations/todoist.markdown @boralyl
source/_integrations/totalconnect.markdown @austinmroczek
source/_integrations/tplink.markdown @rytilahti @thegardenmonkey
source/_integrations/traccar.markdown @ludeeus
source/_integrations/tractive.markdown @Danielhiversen @zhulik @bieniu
source/_integrations/tradfri.markdown @janiversen
source/_integrations/trafikverket_train.markdown @endor-force
source/_integrations/trafikverket_weatherstation.markdown @endor-force
source/_integrations/transmission.markdown @engrbm87 @JPHutchins
source/_integrations/tts.markdown @pvizeli
source/_integrations/tuya.markdown @Tuya @zlinoliver @METISU @frenck
source/_integrations/twentemilieu.markdown @frenck
source/_integrations/twinkly.markdown @dr1rrb
source/_integrations/ubus.markdown @noltari
source/_integrations/unifi.markdown @Kane610
source/_integrations/unifiled.markdown @florisvdk
source/_integrations/upb.markdown @gwww
source/_integrations/upc_connect.markdown @pvizeli @fabaff
source/_integrations/upcloud.markdown @scop
source/_integrations/updater.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/upnp.markdown @StevenLooman @ehendrix23
source/_integrations/uptimerobot.markdown @ludeeus
source/_integrations/usb.markdown @bdraco
source/_integrations/usgs_earthquakes_feed.markdown @exxamalte
source/_integrations/utility_meter.markdown @dgomes
source/_integrations/vallox.markdown @andre-richter
source/_integrations/velbus.markdown @Cereal2nd @brefra
source/_integrations/velux.markdown @Julius2342
source/_integrations/venstar.markdown @garbled1
source/_integrations/vera.markdown @pavoni
source/_integrations/verisure.markdown @frenck
source/_integrations/versasense.markdown @flamm3blemuff1n
source/_integrations/version.markdown @fabaff @ludeeus
source/_integrations/vesync.markdown @markperdue @webdjoe @thegardenmonkey
source/_integrations/vicare.markdown @oischinger
source/_integrations/vilfo.markdown @ManneW
source/_integrations/vivotek.markdown @HarlemSquirrel
source/_integrations/vizio.markdown @raman325
source/_integrations/vlc_telnet.markdown @rodripf @dmcc @MartinHjelmare
source/_integrations/volkszaehler.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/volumio.markdown @OnFreund
source/_integrations/wake_on_lan.markdown @ntilley905
source/_integrations/wallbox.markdown @hesselonline
source/_integrations/waqi.markdown @andrey-git
source/_integrations/watson_tts.markdown @rutkai
source/_integrations/watttime.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/weather.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/webostv.markdown @bendavid @thecode
source/_integrations/websocket_api.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/wemo.markdown @esev
source/_integrations/whirlpool.markdown @abmantis
source/_integrations/wiffi.markdown @mampfes
source/_integrations/wilight.markdown @leofig-rj
source/_integrations/wirelesstag.markdown @sergeymaysak
source/_integrations/withings.markdown @vangorra
source/_integrations/wled.markdown @frenck
source/_integrations/wolflink.markdown @adamkrol93
source/_integrations/workday.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/worldclock.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/xbox.markdown @hunterjm
source/_integrations/xbox_live.markdown @MartinHjelmare
source/_integrations/xiaomi_aqara.markdown @danielhiversen @syssi
source/_integrations/xiaomi_miio.markdown @rytilahti @syssi @starkillerOG @bieniu
source/_integrations/xiaomi_tv.markdown @simse
source/_integrations/xmpp.markdown @fabaff @flowolf
source/_integrations/yale_smart_alarm.markdown @gjohansson-ST
source/_integrations/yamaha_musiccast.markdown @vigonotion @micha91
source/_integrations/yandex_transport.markdown @rishatik92 @devbis
source/_integrations/yeelight.markdown @rytilahti @zewelor @shenxn @starkillerOG
source/_integrations/yeelightsunflower.markdown @lindsaymarkward
source/_integrations/yi.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/youless.markdown @gjong
source/_integrations/zeroconf.markdown @bdraco
source/_integrations/zerproc.markdown @emlove
source/_integrations/zha.markdown @dmulcahey @adminiuga
source/_integrations/zodiac.markdown @JulienTant
source/_integrations/zone.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/zoneminder.markdown @rohankapoorcom
source/_integrations/zwave.markdown @home-assistant/z-wave
source/_integrations/zwave_js.markdown @home-assistant/z-wave
